gm_dshkm_weaponBag
gm_gc_army_backpack_80_at_empty_str
gm_dshkm_aatripod_weaponBag
gm_fagot_launcher_weaponBag
gm_rpg7_prp

Intro Cutscene Text
In 1974, the colonial government of Bocano collapsed with the fall of the Estado Novo.

In the power vacuum that followed, factions of the former resistance fractured, forming two militias, the MPLB and the UPB, to settle their differences.

The eyes of the world fell on Mutambara, and various countries began to provide support, both public and covert, to the combatants.

You are a group bringing arms from the DDR to the UPB, to aid in their fight against the MPLB in the Mutambara region of Bucano.

Your team is made up of military intelligence officers, infantry, and ideological volunteers from foreign countries.

Your mission is to deliver the equipment to a cache established by our allies. Once complete, begin to integrate yourselves into the militia, providing technical and in field support, and providing field reports to High Command.

Good Luck.....

CROWS

Stash Cutscene Text

You unload your burden, and gather yourselves for what comes next...





Mission Flow with Technical Notes

1. Players start in a truck driving into Mutambara
1a. Cutscene transitioning into a moving vehicle
2.Truck breaks down on the road
2a. Truck makes breaking noise, smokes, stops.
3. Players continue to their intended destination on foot 
3a. Civilian car drives down the road, and brings the driver of the infil truck back to town for help
4. Players find note about cache, look for the light 
4a. Light source is working as intended 
5. Players hike to the light source, through a sleeping village possibly
5a. Place livestock in town when players get near, if they are placed too early they wander away.
6. Players find cache and deliver equipment 
6a. ACE action is placed, but doesn't seem to be triggering the cutscene?
7. Cache guards ask the players to rescue their comrade from patrol base Hondo, and bring him to a safehouse in Siwaza
7a. Place map markers for Patrol Base, Stashed Truck, and Safehouse
8. Players hike to near Patrol Base Hondo, and a convoy leaves to assist a roadblock under attack.
8a. Make a trigger that starts the firefight at the roadblock, then a second one like a minute later to send the convoy out. 
9. Players sneak into the patrol base, neutralizing the small garrison.
10. PLayers extract with hostage out towards a hidden truck in Sinampande
10a. Have a pair of soldiers patrol the town.
11. Players leave town, headed for Siwaza
11a. Place smoke, fire, soldiers at checkpoint to the north of Sinampande 
12. Players arive at the safehouse
12a. Wait for a few seconds, then play the mission complete screen
